---
layout: post
title: Let's Begin
date: 2025-06-10
---

Welcome to what aims to be my official personal and professional page. As I write this, I'm still getting the hang of managing GitHub Pages, so I apologize in advance for any bugs or imperfections. Writing the first post for something is always a bit embarrassing for me — but I had to start somewhere.
If you've landed here, it probably means that a) I sent you the link because you're a friend, acquaintance, or family member and I wanted your feedback, or b) you're actually interested in figuring out who I am or what I do. You've likely already browsed through the CV and Projects pages, so I’ll keep it short on that front.
Nice to meet you — I’m Francesca, a naturalist making my way in the field of animal behaviour. I’ve just started a Marie Curie postdoctoral fellowship at Anglia Ruskin University that will keep me busy for the next two years, during which I’ll be studying the evolution of cognition in Crocodylus moreletii. My research will be split between Cambridge (UK) and Campeche (Mexico), and I’ll do my best to keep you updated both here and on the future website of the project.
I’m also a science communicator, so in this blog section you’ll find posts related to my channel called Drops of Science – News from Natural Sciences, as well as news about any events I take part in.
On a more personal note — what can I say? It’s highly likely that I’m wearing headphones or quietly humming to myself, thanks to my all-consuming love for music. I also love to read, both books and comics, and I binge-watch TV shows. When I’m not doing any of that or working, I’m probably playing with my dogs.
If you'd like to get in touch, feel free to comment or message me here or through my social media — in whichever language you find me speaking!
See You Soon!
